OSDOCS#8122: Release notes for 1.11.5 and 1.12.1 (#66585)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} could not pull the `jetstack-cert-manager-container-v1.12.4-1` image. The cert-manager controller, CA injector, and Webhook pods were stuck in the `ImagePullBackOff` state. Now, the {cert-manager-operator} pulls the `jetstack-cert-manager-container-v1.12.4-1` image to run the cert-manager controller, CA injector, and Webhook pods successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19986[*OCPBUGS-19986*])

[id="cert-manager-operator-release-notes-1.11.5"]
== Release notes for {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.5

Issued: 2023-10-25

The following advisory is available for the {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.5:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:122518[RHSA-2023:122518]

> Version `1.11.5` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.11.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/release-notes/release-notes-1.11/#v1115[cert-manager project release notes for v1.12.4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version `1.11.5` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.11.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/release-notes/release-notes-1.11/#v1115[cert-manager project release notes for v1.11.5].
```

Reviewer: Other LGTM

Author: thanks for catching that! Fixed.

[id="cert-manager-operator-1.11.5-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Previously, on multi-architecture environment, the cert-manager pods encountered frequent failures because of the invalid node affinity configuration. With this fix, you will not encounter any failures of the cert-manager Operator pods. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19446[*OCPBUGS-19446*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, in a multi-architecture environment, the cert-manager pods encountered frequent failures because of the invalid node affinity configuration. With this fix, the failures of the cert-manager Operator pods no longer occur. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19446[*OCPBUGS-19446*])
```

* Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} could not pull the `jetstack-cert-manager-container-v1.12.4-1` image. The cert-manager controller, CA injector, and Webhook pods were stuck in the `ImagePullBackOff` state. Now, the {cert-manager-operator} pulls the `jetstack-cert-manager-container-v1.12.4-1` image to run the cert-manager controller, CA injector, and Webhook pods successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19986[*OCPBUGS-19986*])

[id="cert-manager-operator-release-notes-1.11.5"]
== Release notes for {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.5

Issued: 2023-10-25

The following advisory is available for the {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.5:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:6279-02[RHSA-2023:6279-02]

> Version `1.11.5` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.11.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/release-notes/release-notes-1.11/#v1115[cert-manager project release notes for v1.11.5].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The golang version is updated to the version `1.20.10` to fix Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs). Version `1.11.5` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.11.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/release-notes/release-notes-1.11/#v1115[cert-manager project release notes for v1.11.5].
```

Author: @swghosh I have added the suggested text. Can you provide approval if this looks good?
